Use sys.monitoring for scrutineer on 3.12+ (#3776)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: patch

> This patch improves the speed of the explain phase on python 3.12+, by using the new `sys.monitoring <https://docs.python.org/dev/library/sys.monitoring.html>`_ module to collect coverage instead of `sys.settrace <https://docs.python.org/dev/library/sys.html#sys.settrace>`_.

Reviewer: It's worth using rst's dedicated roles for cross-references; we don't bother with the indexing features but it's easier to read and automatically updates the link if the reference docs move in future.
```suggestion
This patch improves the speed of the explain phase on python 3.12+, by using the new
:mod:`sys.monitoring` module to collect coverage, instead of :obj:`sys.settrace`.

Thanks to Liam DeVoe for :pull:`3776`!
```
(name or alias as you prefer)
